{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green42\blue42;\red239\green239\blue239;\red251\green2\blue7;
\red18\green98\blue197;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21569\c21569\c21569;\cssrgb\c94902\c94902\c94902;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;
\cssrgb\c5882\c47451\c81569;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh16000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs34 \cf2 1. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What is responsible for defining the routes of the\'a0\cb3 games\cb1 \'a0resource?\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2   \cf4 The CreateRouter\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 2. What do you notice about the folder structure? Whats the client responsible for? Whats the server responsible for?\
	\cf4 Client - What will render on the webpage, basically the building on the frontend. \
	Server - Responsible for the DB seeds and also the createRouter helper. \cf2 \
3. What are the the responsibilities of server.js?\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4   Ties together back end files, to allow connection to database and createRouter. \cf2 \
4. What are the responsibilities of the\'a0\cb3 gamesRouter\cb1 ?\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4   Uses createRouter to automatically create routes for games without having to repeat code we have already written. \cf2 \
5. What process does the the client (front-end) use to communicate with the server?\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 Express\cf2 \
6. What optional second argument does the\'a0\cb3 fetch\cb1 \'a0method take? And what is it used for in this application? Hint: See\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 Using Fetch}}\'a0on the MDN docs\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 Response - Provides the response codes for each fetch. (Response allows us the opportunity to use a number of methods to define what the body content is and how it should be handled.  \cf2 \
7. Which of the games API routes does the front-end application consume (i.e. make requests to)?\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 http://localhost8080/api/games\cf2 \
8. What are we using the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://mongodb.github.io/node-mongodb-native/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 MongoDB Driver}}\'a0for?\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 Allows a communication channel to happen at a programmatic level. Means we can communicate directly through the shell. }